Woodlands Terrace
Pictures from this folder

Woodlands Terrace, a two-bedroom terraced flat on the top floor of a townhouse, had an awkward layout and still bore signs of its past as a commercial premises. I undertook a programme of renovations including:
●	Window refurbishment by Ventrolla
●	A new boiler
●	A new kitchen and the reinstatement of a chimney alcove for an electric stove
●	New radiators throughout
●	New engineered wood flooring and carpets throughout
●	Installation of a utility room and built-in shelving/cupboard for cat litter tray in the hall
●	Reconfigured the layout of the bathroom and both bedrooms, incorporating a storage loft and increasing the size of both bedrooms; reinstating cornicing in new rooms to match original
●	Full redecoration and new light fittings throughout

Bought for: £272,500 (2023)
Renovation Cost: £75,000
Sold For: (2025)

Stables Cottage

Stables Cottage, a former stables attached to the estate of Lainshaw House, is an 18th-century property on the border of Lainshaw Woods in Stewarton. I project-managed the following renovations:
●	New herringbone flooring throughout downstairs
●	New boiler
●	Full redecoration throughout
●	Built-in wardrobes installed in both bedrooms
●	Bathroom renovated and freestanding bath installed in bedroom
●	Garden completely relandscaped to form three levels of tiled patios and a raised bed for planting

Bought for: £190,000 (2020)
Renovation Cost: £40,000
Sold For: £250,000 (2023)


Gilmartins

A former Bank of Scotland branch set in a Victorian building. I converted the unit to a cafe, installing three-phase power, sound-proof plasterboard and insulation and a full new electrical board. The unit was fully plastered, and the two existing toilets were reconfigured to form one new WC with an intervening ventilated space with baby changing. The tea room was reconfigured to create a small commercial kitchen fitted with stainless steel worktops and bakery appliances, and I commissioned a coffee bar to house our till, coffee machine and knock box, clad in Ca Pietra scalloped tiles. A window was replaced where a cash machine had previously been and traditional gilded signage was applied to the windows to reflect the age of the building. In late 2019, we expanded into the neighbouring unit, which required the rebuilding of stairs and the removal of fireproof plasterboard. I commissioned upholstered bench seating for the large dining room towards the front of the cafe too.

Bought for: n/a (rented as a business unit)
Renovation Cost: approx £40,000
Sold For: undisclosed

Graham Terrace

A top-floor flat in a terraced house in Stewarton. This flat was previously renovated to form three bedrooms instead of two, and was in good condition. I replaced the boiler and renovated the kitchen, taking down the wall between the kitchen and living room and building in a small corner utility room with a pocket door to house the boiler and washer/drier.

Bought for: £80,000
Renovation Cost: £11,500
Sold For: £97,562


Grove Park

A two-bedroom flat in the Camberwell Grove conservation area of London, I renovated this property in preparation for sale in May/June 2025. Initially valued at £400-425k, it was re-valued at £600k at time of listing in July. Full redecoration was required, including replacement of all flooring, re-painting, new light fixtures and a new shower screen. The front door was replaced, the kitchen worktop and tiling was re-done and built-in wardrobes were demolished and replaced with modern doors. The exterior windows were fully restored and repainted and hardware throughout the flat was replaced including window and door furniture. 

Bought for: £500,000
Renovation Cost: £30,000
Valued at: £600,000


West Regent Street

A top-floor one-bedroom apartment in De Quincey House, Glasgow, a conversion from an Alfred Waterhouse building originally built for the Prudential insurance company. I installed alcove shelving to make use of the deep chimney breast alcoves, laid new flooring throughout, created a new kitchen peninsula unit and a dining nook, and installed new lighting circuits to create pool of light by the bed and in the dining area. A new bathroom was installed with a deep Japanese soaking tub and Crosswater brassware. 

Bought for: £115,000 (2017)
Renovation Cost: £18,500
Sold For: 180,000 (2019)


Pitt Street

A one-bedroom apartment in a warehouse designed by Honeyman and Keppie with beautiful arched windows. I redecorated the apartment throughout, replacing the kitchen and creating a breakfast bar area by the window. This apartment was bought to rent out on Airbnb, and provided an income for both James and I to re-train in our chosen fields throughout the time we rented it out. We maintained Superhost status for our whole tenure as hosts.

Bought for: £114,000 (2016)
Renovation Cost: £10,000 
Sold For: £152,350 (2018)

