About Park Circus Dream House

Park Circus Dream House may only have formed in May 2025, but it was percolating long before that - I’ve been renovating properties since I bought my first flat in 2015, and my first client as Park Circus Dream House was my tenth project overall. Over the past decade, I have completed a mixture of commercial and residential projects, ranging from one-bedroom flats to three-bedroom houses, a cafe and a large office. I have hosted on Airbnb, sublet my cafe to other business owners for cocktail and supper club nights, and rented our home on Scouty for film and photo shoots. 

I definitely have a type when it comes to buildings; I love original features and a non-linear or challenging layout to get my teeth into. I love listed buildings and we’ve lived in several, relishing the extra challenges they bring to a renovation. I have a great track record of adding significant value to properties through clever changes to layout and cosmetic improvements, but I am primarily committed to letting your home reflect your personality and interests, rather than just existing as an investment vehicle. Every room should tell a story, and the design should both reflect and support your life. If it can also bring the home comforts of a luxurious hotel stay, so much the better. 

I can re-plan a space to fit your life and needs, and fully project-manage the job including design, sourcing and supply. I also paint (primarily interiors, and primarily to keep projects on track if required). If you find yourself in need of any interior design, project management or renovation services, please get in touch via the Contact Me page.

I am building a corporate letting portfolio and focussing on listed buildings with interesting heritage, and will be cooking up plans for hands-on workshops in the future - watch this space!


Testimonials

“You know when you get a really drastic haircut and you keep catching yourself in the mirror and going “who is that?? Oooh!”? Well it’s like that a hundred times. I keep finding little touches and changes. Well done!!” - Grove Park project, London
